Daniel Smith dnsmith
Andrew Soby asoby
Cpsc 3220
Project 4


DESIGN:

  Our program handles analyzing a disk image using several functions. The
  first function is goThroughDirectory. This function is designed to go through the root
  directory in FAT then recursively call itself to find other files and directories.
  Once we find a file deleted or normal we will call the next function getFileContents.
  This function is designed to get the file contents from the disk image. This
  function calls getFATEntry to repeatedly find the correct FAT entry and will continue
  to get the file contents. After this function has ended we call our last function
  writeFile where we pass in the file path the contents the size and open up the file and
  write the contents into the file.

KNOWN PROBLEMS:

  If we don't make sure to read only, we overwrite the image file. Only God knows how.
  We also are not checking a deleted file to see if the original contents were
  overwritten by something else and truncating what was overwritten.

Story Continued:

  Luckily enough the suspect that was captured didn't know much about our plans
to continue bank heists within Grunfolle. He was merely a pawn in this game to us.
Our coworkers have believed this whole time that we could barely recover the files
from the disk drives. Little did they know we were doing much more. We were covering our tracks.
You see being under cover as a digital forensic investigator in a police department
has its advantages when we were working their to cover our tracks as the leaders of
the kitten bank heist gang. We had access to all the evidence that could possibly incriminate us.
There are a lot of working parts in our gang, this is why its difficult to prevent these
little slip ups like our little friend the suspect who got caught. Thats okay though,
we keep our circle tight so he doesn't know who we actually are. We will use our cover against him,
however, he will go down with this crime and if we are lucky enough we can pin it
on our rival gang the canines. Our plans don't stop at this bank heist, we will
continue to further steal from other banks within Karolynia until we can expand our
operations outside of this state. The kitten bank heist gang will live on to see another
day because of our superior FAT Image analyzing skills.
